---
title: Year Review - 2017
date: 2017-12-24T15:48:11
tags: general
---

So, basically the year over! I decided to write this little post because 2017 was a agitate and 'weird' year for me.

<!-- more -->

### 10 month of Resultados Digitias

This year I spend 10 months as a Software Engineer at Resultados Digitais (RD). And although I really don’t like the city I moved (Florianopolis) the RD was one of the best things that happen in my professional life this year.

This 10 months can easily read as ‘2 years’ or something like this. I learned a lot with great people and made friends for a life. I would thank guys from Resultados Digitais for everything! especially to the friends and colleagues of Dispatch Team. You guys are great!

As I am looking into opportunities to working remotely and for some European company, I decided to move forward and leave RD, what drives us to the next big thing of 2017: GuestReady!

### Starting work for GuestReady

After the 10 months at Resultados Digitais I had the opportunity to join to GuestReady! I left Florianopolis city and currently I live in a small town that makes me happier and full of joy (not always, :d).

GuestReady had a team distributed across 3 continents (Europe, South America, and Asia). The engineering team is fully distributed between Brazil, Ukraine, Czech Republic and UK.

And I could not have made a better choice! Working for GuestReady is so exciting! Be part of a team full remotely is a challenge, but also open opportunity for many good things.

In 2018 (February, I think) I will move to Europe (Budapest and Prague) for 3 months with a Brazilian friend (and soon GuestReady colleague) in order to meet some colleagues and enjoy the ride, and of course, continue help making GuestReady better.


### See you guys in the next year!

So, in short, that’s it a would like to share. I hope everybody has a great end of the year.

See you!!
